Steven Harville Steele
steve-steele.com


Contact Information

(775) 468-3490
steven.harville.steele@gmail.com


Objective

To apply my experience to web and application development


Technical Proficiency

PHP, Laravel, CodeIgniter, WordPress, PHPUnit, JavaScript, Vue, Angular, jQuery, Jasmine, SQL, Doctrine, Eloquent, Git, Python, Perl, bash, Regex, SASS, Gulp, Responsive Design, Photoshop

Professional Experience

FinanceGenius, Inc., Austin, TX
Software Developer Jun 2015 - Present
Contribute to the core Loan Origination SAAS product built using CodeIgniter, MySQL, Doctrine, PHP-DI, AngularJS, Knockout, jQuery, Kendo UI, and Bootstrap. Employ an object-oriented MVC/MVVM architecture. Test using PHPUnit, Karma, and Jasmine.
Clients: Austin Telco, First Financial, Webster First

W2O Digital, Austin, TX
Developer Jan 2013 – Present
Collaborated on the Social BI and W2OPress software teams. Created object-oriented, responsive back-end web sites and single-page front-end applications. Built and maintained WordPress (multi)sites. Developed plugins that interact with a variety of external APIs. Planned and deployed Google Analytics events and conversions.
Clients: MasterCard, Purdue Pharma, EMD Serono, Intel

VM Foundry, Austin, TX
Web Developer Apr 2012 – Dec 2012
Built websites using PHP, MySQL, jQuery, and CSS. Maintained several WordPress sites. Learned best practices for deploying to staging and production environments using Git. Programmed a variety of cross-browser newsletters to work across multiple email clients. VM Foundry was sold and merged with W2O Group in 2012, forming W2O Digital.
Clients: PGA, Sunny Delight, Auxogyn, Sutter Home

Web Services Consultant, Various Companies Nov 2010 – Feb 2012

Prison Call Solutions, LLC - Austin, TX
Developed and maintained the front and back ends of several online businesses. Managed clients/billing using WHMCS, SugarCRM, and Recurly. Programmed custom reports and website translations.

The Greenwood School - Portland, OR
Built custom web-based educational tools for youths with autism using JavaScript


Education

North Carolina State University College of Physical and Mathematical Sciences
M.S. in Atmospheric Science May 2009

The University of North Carolina at Charlotte Department of Geography and Earth Sciences
B.S. in Earth Science (Conc. in Atmospheric/Hydrology) May 2001


